---
title: "Automated Code Reviews with Anthropic"
description: "Automating pull requests code reviews with github actions, anthropic, and pylint"
date: "01/18/2024"
demoURL: "/"
repoURL: "https://github.com/mmdavid1/anthropic_code_reviewer"
---

## What is it

The automatic code reviewer is a github action which will send the files that have changes to Claude, which will generate a comprehensive code review on changes and suggest improvements. It uses github actions, anthropic API, and pylint to generate the reviews. The output is a line/lines specific reviews, with detailed comments. It is very easy to improve/customize the review for your specific usecase, sine all you need to do is edit the prompt.

## Key Components

- **Github Actions:** The key part of the system is a custom github action, which can be implemented into any repo by configuring the github workflow yml file.
- **Anthropic API:** We use anthropic to generate the reviews. We create a prompt which consists of some review instructions, as well as some parameters to exclude. 
- **Github API:** To get the pull requests information, and other metadata such as line number, PR description, and automate the actual review comments generated by Anthropic, we use the github API through OctoKit. 
- **Pylint:** We also create a review comment which gives the pylint score of the repo without any of the other information, just the single number. 

### What I learned

This is probably one of the more useful tools I've built, and i'm excited for it to be used in my lab across different projects. I like how it can be useful across many different projects by configuring the prompt, and including or excluding more context. 

